Prop: It is not worthwhile for developing countries to host large sporting events like the Olympics
Case Setup
Preamble:
From Brazil’s economic, social and governmental downturn in the last 6 years to the multitude of deaths in Qatar in their quest to host the FIFA world cup, we on proposition believe the idea that large public spectacles like the Olympics bring prosperity to the developing nation is false and something that we on government vehemently deny.
Baseline: 
Thus we would posit two things in this debate today:
1.	That the opportunity cost of spending billions of dollars on such events while the country remains in a dire state is too high to be undertaken by a developing state in a just manner and doing so represents a moral and social wrong against the citizens of the state. 
2.	That the impact of infrastructure development required for these events is hugely detrimental to the development of the nation state and debunk the myth of these tournaments bringing economic development and investments into the country.
Definitions:
Developing Nations: These are countries with staggered economic development, low median wages, highly combustible social fabric and very low amounts of welfare and state responsibilities. To draw examples, this would mean countries like India, Brazil, Bangladesh, Malaysia etc. 
Policy: 
We believe that only countries with their Human Development Index above 8.5 should be allowed to host the Olympics. Which is to say, if the policy had pre-emptively been in place, countries like Greece (Athens, 2004) and Brazil (Rio, 2016) would not have been able to bid for the rights to host the Olympics. 
That also means, only around 
30 countries across the world such as the United States, Korea and the Nordic region will be in contention to hold the Olympics. We will elaborate later as to why that is the best case scenario we can come to. 
Case Divide:
1.	Ethical and Social responsibility of the nation state towards it citizens
2.	Prudent economic policies and a comparative between spending on the events vs spending on long term development in terms of overall impacts. 




At HSBC we are looking for graduates and interns who are passionate about working for us and have a genuine interest in our industry. Please tell us about your interest in the role that you have applied for and HSBC. Please address the following questions in your response:
•	Why are you interested in the role at HSBC?
•	What specifically have you done that demonstrates your interest in this role and HSBC?
With a strong foothold in both developed and emerging markets, HSBC has combined its local expertise with a global clientele to provide unique cross border solutions for over 140 years. It is this unique synergy which motivates my application to HSBC. Furthermore, the Asian market, especially China indicates a huge potential for growth in in-flows and need for financial services. HSBC’s unparalleled reputation as the largest and most trusted partner in the region will uniquely position it to exploit this potential, especially in the Private Banking and Client Engagement sphere. 
Furthermore, I was also excited to know about the plethora of learning opportunities, mentorship systems and real responsibilities given to summer interns from my friend Irvin Ho, who interned at HSBC in 2016. I am eager to work for a firm which values its people and their development and is committed to inclusivity and respect for new ideas and perspectives.
My motivation therefore, to apply to the Global Private Banking Internship Program - 2017 stems from my belief that this represents the best opportunity for me to exploit both my talents, financial proficiency and interpersonal skills in a challenging and exciting setting that will give me unparalleled opportunities and exposure. I provide a unique combination of sound financial fundamentals coupled with a comprehensive coverage of analytical skills which will hold me in good stead coming into this division. I am eager to become a part of this organization and exploit the treasure trove of guidance and opportunities on offer.  

We want our graduates and interns to have successful careers at HSBC, so we are interested in the skills you have gained to date. What skills do you have that will be important to your success on the HSBC graduate or intern programme? Please give specific examples of how you have demonstrated these skills.
I believe that success in this role depends on two things, sound financial knowledge and a genuine knack for problem solving and engaging people.  
Although I’m not academically trained in finance, over the last two years I’ve striven to improve my product and market specific knowledge. I’ve taken up a double minor in Business and Economics, completed challenging courses both online and offline and religiously followed multiple financial publications which has allowed me to excel at various asset management challenges. Moreover, my training in engineering ensures that I bring with myself extensive experience in quantitative methods, data analytics, logical reasoning and problem solving. I believe this unique combination of skills differentiates me from the cohort and gives me the ability to succeed at HSBC. 
On the personality front, my recent Internship experience at Merrill Lynch in a client facing capacity in the equities division has equipped me with the ability to size up clients with clarity and provide customized solutions to cater to their needs. As a competitive debater, I’ve developed strong communication skills and learnt how to work effectively in a team. Debating has also given me the ability to move away from my personal biases and inclinations and appreciate and incorporate different perspectives while trying to solve a problem. It has also taught me to engineer air-tight solutions to complex problems in extremely time constrained and pressurized situations. I believe these skills to be pre-requisites for success in the Private Banking Industry. 

At HSBC our objective is to be the world's leading international bank. In all that we do, we also must consider the potential risks. In your opinion, what are the top three risks facing HSBC globally and why?



